Let's rev it up. Let's rev it up, guys.
>> Hold up.
>> Round two.
>> Wait, wait a minute.
>> Wait a minute. Let's put some Rev in it.
>> Yeah,
>> we got him. He's back for round two,
guys. Rev resale.
>> How you doing, Rev?
>> It's been good. It's been a crazy day,
but it's been good. Been hanging out,
getting some content, packing whole
bunch of eBay orders. So, it has been a
good day.
>> You had what, a hundred items going out
today, you said? Yeah, I went back and
counted, of course, some of the labels.
I think there were 85 labels. Some of
them had multiples. So, man, we were
crushing it today.
>> That's awesome, man.
>> So, Rev, I got a question about those
orders, of course,
>> because I something sounds suspicious
there. But before we do that, before we
do that, I do I would like, you know,
just let's assume that somebody's
watching right now that did not see the
first episode, the first Rev Resale
episode. Mhm.
>> Can you give them uh tell them who you
are, Rev?
>> Yeah. Well, I'm a full-time pastor. Uh I
always like to say in the fun time, I
like to do reselling. So, me and my wife
Nikki T. Uh she's my teammate in
everything and we resell together. We
just about every weekend we hit yard
sales, estate sales, and of course, I
pastor full-time pastor. So, it takes
precedence over all of that. So that's
uh that's the daily uh and the first and
then all the rest of this is just you
know just fun.
>> Right on.
>> So the 100 orders I saw I saw I saw a
Facebook post that you put up about I
don't know it might have been an hour
ago or something like that.
>> Mhm.
>> The claim the claim that Rev made
>> Rev claims he got a 100 orders packed
in under an hour. I saw that.
>> Yeah,
>> we did. I I I'll tell you um what
happened is I started I I have my cards
here. So, I I know you don't like uh
doing the eBay cards. So, I was getting
printing my my labels for my cards,
which I I just do I fold a receipt
inside of it, write my thank you. I put
my cards in top loaders team bags and
then I tape it to it and put it in this.
And while I was doing that, I ran out of
paper. Um, now of course I know y'all
don't do any slips inside, but it is our
system that I have a slip for myself. I
have a receipt for the customer. And
when I ran out of paper, man, it hit the
fan because it was time to go get nic.
Uh, and that's really when we we start
packing. I hadn't pulled. I've got vinyl
in two rooms in our house. Hadn't pulled
any of that and I mean it was time to
go. So I started pulling stuff as quick
as I could. Uh when I went and picked
Nikit up, came back. I continued pulling
and I sent her to Walmart. Go get paper.
So she goes and gets paper at Walmart.
We divide and conquered. She came back.
I printed the labels and I was I I'll
say this. I was in the shed before she
got back and I was putting boxes
uh bubble wrap uh vinyl record bubble
wraps. I was getting them ready. So, of
course, there was a lot of preacking
done.
>> Uh but every single one of those boxes
didn't have nothing had a lick of tape.
Nothing was packed. And uh man, my chick
I don't know how in the world I I could
not have done it without her. She argues
all the time, but she didn't argue not
one time when we were packing orders.
She was dis.
>> She knew it was go time.
>> It was go time. There ain't no doubt.
That arguing part, she's in the other
room, so she's something may come flying
across the screen here in a minute. But
uh it was good. We we got it done.
>> Were you guys were you guys like in a
time crunch or were you just like we
need to do this in an hour? What was the
deal there? Well, see, one of the things
that Nikki T enjoys is we enjoy doing
this together. So, I I don't pack our
orders. She gets off. She's a school
teacher
>> and and she gets I pick her up at 3:00.
So, it is always our thing that we pack
orders from 3 and have to be at the post
office by 4:30.
>> So, we always have a time crunch. We
always I'm not going to Brian's. I'm not
going to the other one. They're open to
five. Uh so to go here uh we have to
have it done. So normally I'm packing
before she gets home on Monday, but
that's the only day. Most the rest of
the time we can get everything packed.
Um and Wednesdays of course I leave for
the church early on Wednesday. But every
other day, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday,
and Friday, we pack them together.
>> Wow. That
>> that is that is super impressive. So
you're So how how many of those hundred
items were were records or cards?
Because that that you're really good at
packing those.
>> Oh yeah. That if it was if it was a lot
of glass like you love to pack and big
stuff like you love to pack, I would
have been toast. I mean it wouldn't have
been able to get done. I would say over
seven probably 75%
uh was either vinyl records or trading
cards. So, a lot of volume there.
>> I'm getting reports from you. I got 100
orders. I got 85. I got It took me less
than an hour and I'm over here. Me,
Candace, and I are over here now. We are
We are older.
>> Okay. And we probably move a little
slower and we, you know, but we spent,
man, we must have spent about three and
a half hours packing 40 orders
>> going out.
>> That's how that's how slow we are.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. Ryan and I respect our elders, so
I'm not gonna say anything about how
slow you are. I'm not gonna say a word.
Hey, I know I know Ryan has heard this,
but I mean, all of all of Lonnie and
Ryan's viewers, uh, they need to know
how offended I was that Lonnie was
surprised that I was younger than him.
So, now it's like beef 3.0. I mean,
>> oh no,
>> more beef.
Rev. It was It's the hair.
>> It is. I know. That's right. We haven't
even You just shave it.
>> Yeah.
>> It doesn't look like you're that bald.
Really?
>> That's where I was going in ministry. Uh
it was probably Nikit could tell me.
It's probably been close to 15 years
ago. I had what was called atypical
alipcia. And it looked like I had the
mange, man. I started my facial hair was
was coming out. I had like bald spots
all over.
>> Wow.
>> And uh I just decided I was going to
shave. Uh I know it happens to women a
women and it's a a big deal for women,
>> but to be honest, for for me it wasn't a
big deal. I just started shaving my head
then and I don't have any of those spots
now. It eventually went away, but I just
continued to shave
>> shave every shave my hair every Sunday
morning and every Wednesday morning. So
that's that's just a routine. Wow.
>> It It works for you though, Rev. It
really does. It's It's And I I'm trying
to picture you with like a shaggy shaggy
hairo and I just like it's I'm having
trouble.
>> I I've got one on our Facebook page
where me and Nikki T, we were young in
ministry and I got the little shell
necklace and it look like I'm a beach
bum and I got like curly hair like the
old Caesar cut. So, uh it's there. Amen.
He's
there. Good stuff.
>> I I tell you what, listening to you talk
about uh packing packing with Nikki P
waiting waiting for her to to get there.
You you know you probably know for years
I packed like we were doing it wrong in
here
>> because we would pull orders on camera
and then Candace would go list and then
I would come over here and pack
>> and man we were back to we were in the
same place back to back. I had these in
listening to whatever and she was doing
her thing and it was like we weren't
even in the same place together. Mhm.
>> And as soon as we started doing these
packing videos, like we spend so much
more time together and it's faking
awesome. I love it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you you're able to
spend time with your bride and enjoy
yourself and make money. I mean, why did
you not think of this a long time?
>> And the packing and the packing becomes
way more efficient, too.
>> Oh, most certainly. Most certainly.
>> Yeah. We like she Yeah, she because I'm
not switching tasks the whole time and
she's not switching tasks. Like she's
locked in, I'm locked in and we catch
each other's,
>> you know, if we make a mistake,
hopefully we'll catch it, have a better
chance of catching it anyway.
>> Right.
>> But Rev, h have you not noticed from
talking to me, I make a lot of mistakes.
Like pretty big ones.
>> Yeah, we and and man, it's it's a wise
statement to be able to say to yourself
and to others that you make mistakes,
man. And if we set a bar that we're
perfect, every time a mistake does
happen, it hits the fan literally like
today. I mean, me not having copy paper
through a wrench in it. And if me and
Nicole were not, you know, founded
people if we didn't have a solid
foundation, there's no way we could have
got it done in that amount of time. I
mean, we would have been bickering at
one another, throwing vinyl records all
over the sheds. Uh, we just put our head
down, went to work. We knew we had a a
4:30. So, and we got there. We got there
by 4:30 and took a picture in the
parking lot to send to y'all and
everybody on uh Facebook that we got it
done. So, uh success.
>> That's good, man. And you're eating uh
you're eating some gas station biscuits.
I saw that.
>> Yeah.
>> I I shared that on my page today.
>> Yeah. I appreciate that, man.
>> That was that was a great video. That
gas station is the one every Friday
morning and Saturday morning. I mean,
they love the overalls. I go in, get a
biscuit, and it Nick T says they're
hard, but I I love them.
>> Mhm.
>> No, you said it had a little crust you
had to kind of get through and then it's
good.
>> Yeah, that's right. Nikki and Took my
cup and she was like, "It this what it
sounds like." Uh, but it was
>> it was only sitting it was only sitting
underneath the lights for two hours.
>> Yeah, little little extra bacon time is
all it all it was.
It was uh Man, they're good biscuit.
They're they're good folks. So, it's on
the route. So, I hit it and uh usually
works out good.
>> Is that Bert Jones place that you uh
going back? No.
>> Yeah, the the Bert Jones place. He's
further down the route. And I mean that
I I'm I don't know if anyone heard it,
but Nikkiet T was mortified. And all I
was thinking is let's make content,
baby. Let's make content. So
>> way to think.
>> Yeah. It was a Dunkin' Donut. She got I
wanted uh you know just the little
doughnut holes, glazed doughnut holes,
and she wanted avocado toast. But this
fella, he was slow as pond water going
uphill. I mean, he was slow as it comes.
So, we were watching and uh I already
got my my doughnut holes and Nik's got
her little energy drink that came from
Duncan and we're we're watching the guy
and he was going so slow there was
nothing else to do but watch it and he
goes puts it in the toaster. It comes
out the toaster. He gets a little
avocado package and he puts it up to his
mouth and he rips that cellophane off. I
mean, it was uh our mouths just dropped.
I could not I couldn't believe it. And
and he had his back to us. He probably
does that all the time. We will not be
getting avocado toast. I promise we
won't be doing it.
>> So,
>> that's something I need to try. In one
of my I think I told you in the group
chat, I was like, I need to I got to
review the Dunkin Donut because I'm a
frequent flyer of Dunkin Donuts.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Every day. Every day. And uh but that's
one thing I've never tried is the
avocado toast. So I
>> They have it with like
>> little sesame things. That's the way
Nikki T likes it. They take bacon
crumbles and put it on top.
>> That's That's the good one.
>> Too bad though. Dunkin Donuts, I've made
a couple videos on this like has gone
downhill like in the past I would say
probably 10 years.
>> Uh maybe 10 to 15 years. It used to be
really good. The food used to be great,
but now it's just apparently they got
bought out by a big conglomerate company
like basically every other place in
America and uh since then the the
quality's gone downhill. But yeah.
>> Yep. I think
>> still go there. Still a fan.
>> Changed their name to Duncan. It used to
be Dunkin Donuts which we all grew up
with and now it's just Duncan and the I
think all of their uh like donuts are
made and then brought in from a
different place. So they're not made
there anymore. So, they're not not
nearly as fresh.
>> Coffee is good, though. Well, I like I
like their coffee.
>> I like the coffee. And I like the uh she
got You said Nikki T got one of those uh
energy drinks or something.
>> They just came out with like the new
like zero sugar ones. I've been getting
those. They're pretty good.
>> Yep. That's what she got. They didn't
use their teeth to serve that. So, that
was uh that was good.
>> Yeah.
>> I I gotta tell you, Rev, I was wa I've
been watching y'all's videos u and and
you weren't You know what's you know
what's cool? So, you weren't even uh you
hadn't started making reselling content
again, I think.
>> Yeah.
>> As when you were on here the first time,
you hadn't started back up yet, right?
>> That's right.
>> But, man, I've been watching these
garage sale videos of you and Nikki T,
and I want I got to tell y'all, go check
them out.
>> If there is any channel, reselling
channel that you want to binge watch,
this is the one.
>> Wow. Yeah,
>> it it it feels it feels like I love like
not a whole lot of people are doing like
that that angle you're doing.
>> First of all, be careful. Please don't
get in a wreck doing that.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's right. But but that
that angle with that you get with you
and then you got you got Nikki T over
there and y'all are just I feel like I'm
in the truck with y'all and and we're
just kind of cruising down the we're
hitting the road
>> and we're cutting up and we're, you
know, doing what you do and we're
finding stuff and then we get back in
the truck and like it's just real
I just like it, man. It's just real
authentic and it's it's just real
comfortable and I feel like um I feel
like I'm in there with y'all. I I I
highly recommend.
>> I don't watch a whole lot of reselling.
I don't like all the I don't want to
talk when I watch reselling content. I
don't want numbers.
>> I don't want to get all technical. I'm
trying to chill and relax and that is
what Rev delivers. I like that. M well I
just want to be and that's one of the
things if you try to live up and be a
Harry or a Commonwealth or Alani you
know if you try to if if we try a
reseller tries to be someone else you're
not going to be successful so me and
Nick we just said hey we're not gonna
you know we're not going to try to model
it off anything we're just going to be
us
>> and record it and our banter our fun uh
I love it you know
>> we just we just trying to enjoy And if
we do it that way, if we get views,
that's great. If we don't, we're still
having fun. So that's why that's our
goal.
>> Well, let let I have a You know what my
goal is tonight? And I have two goals.
>> Number one, well, no, I got three goals.
I want everybody to go watch Well, I got
balloons.
>> I want First of all, I want everyone
watching this to go sub to Rev Resale.
>> Wow.
>> And give them a shot.
>> Do it. The second thing, Rev, it could
take some time and you know that.
>> Yeah.
>> And I don't want you to I don't want you
to quit because I I really believe with
your talent and and you and Nikki T's
dynamics,
>> I I see big things. I But if you quit
before you hit that critical mass,
>> Yeah. I'm listening.
>> You'll never
>> You'll never get there.
>> Papalani, I'm hearing you, brother. I'm
hearing you, Papa Lonnie. I mean, not
>> don't quit.
>> Yes, sir. I I hear you.
>> I see it, man. I can see it. And I just
love it.
>> I agree.
>> And you had all that that success with
the uh the restoration channel, too.
>> And there's no reason why you can't you
can't bring that over here to the the
reselling space. So,
>> we we really didn't gain we we didn't
gain any traction. And I mean, we had we
got right at 4,4100
uh you know, subs, but many of those
were from past and they haven't even
come along to the new one yet to when we
have started. So, it's going to take a
little time and we know that, but I
think we're committed. We're we're
enjoying it.
>> Um, doing the shorts has been fun. I've
even started taking the full content
video and chopping them up and it's been
fun even turning those into shorts for
Facebook and that's been and hopefully
that'll be successful over on Facebook.
>> You know something I noticed Rev is that
I I we haven't talked about this much at
all. Um
>> you must be one heck of an editor.
You've got some you've got some
technical skills because I've been like
really
>> impressed.
>> Yes.
>> Really good. What what do you use, Rev?
Like what what kind of software do you
use for that?
>> It's Da Vinci Resolve is is what what I
use. Yep.
>> And it's free.
>> It is. Yeah, it's free.
>> Mhm.
>> Yep. It It works good. I mean, I've just
got the different screen set up and it's
uh I've used it. I've used Da Vinci well
since I've started just about. So, I've
sort of gotten
>> gotten good at it and used to it. I
don't know about good at it. I've gotten
I know how to use the free stuff. I
haven't even paid. There is a pay
portion where you can do different
things, but I don't and that's another
thing I think in the car content,
you know, I think I might have
overedited and did, you know, music and
different things. I I think that
sometimes makes it almost like the
attempt to be professional and I want it
to be personal, not professional.
>> So, uh I'm making it uh where we don't
have that. just cutting going from one
scene to the next and I think it's
working.
>> So,
>> well, that's like you made that short I
forget what you were I think it was like
it was the short where you were like
talking it was like good Rev and bad Rev
or something but it was like two of you
two of you on the screen. I'm like that
is crazy. I I don't even know how to do
that.
>> That's really cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Do do we want to show that maybe? Um
>> where is that? Is that on Facebook? I
think it's Facebook, right?
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, let's let let's pull that up
because that that's a good one.
>> Yeah, that I It's kind It's good, but
it's also kind of weird at some point.
>> You know what I'm talking about, right?
>> Yourself.
>> Yes. Yes. It jumps every now and again
because I'm not a perfect
>> You're looping. You're looping yourself,
right? Yeah.
>> Y'all y'all just talk amongst yourselves
for a minute. I think I think what the
what the video was about just to set the
stage a little bit for the video. Um,
you know, it was just talking about
practical uh reseller and and kind of
emotional reseller. I think that's what
it was.
>> Oh, that's right. That's what it was.
>> And the the emotional reseller is just
every little thing. You know, the postal
service is going up 8%. You know, the
sky is falling. You know, it's time to
go crazy. But yeah, I mean just becoming
emotional. But then practical says,
well, you know, all of our shipping is
calculated, so you know, it'll it may
make a difference, but it it it won't
make that big of a difference. We just
have to put our head down and work
through it. So that was that was the
idea of that. So
>> Rev, I always
>> I Well, we're gonna get it. But man, you
know, you know what I always do with
stuff like that, Rev? I like I'll get
emotional immediate response and then I
I try to as as quickly as possible
especially since I make content
>> and I don't want to spread the paranoia
or whatever or or anxiety to my viewers
if it if there's no reason to. So a lot
of times I just let other people cover
that kind of stuff.
>> I just kind but I like to I like to like
I like to ask myself Lonnie is this is
something that Lonnie can do something
about yes or no. If the answer is if the
answer is no, I keep it moving and I
don't even worry about it because I
can't change it anyway. That's the way I
look at it.
>> Great wisdom. That's so true.
>> Okay, so let's find this video. Rev, you
man, you have Rev. You're doing great.
>> Yeah, looks like don't don't play the
one where I talk about moral and ethics
and don't don't play that one.
>> I I I found it, Rev. But I also Rev also
found this one.
>> Oh, this one. Oh,
>> I feel like I feel like you might have
y'all y'all might have uploaded that one
by accident, huh? Did you know that
there you should have seen the after
video? That's where it was at.
>> Oh,
boy. Rev. Hey y'all. I bought this to
resale. Exercising together. Look at
that. I mean, does that not scream 1980?
I think this came out in 1982. Follow
this. Ryan, did we show this one before?
>> I don't think so. I don't think
>> Can y'all hear it?
>> I can. It's loud on my end.
>> I'm sorry. We'll see.
>> No, no, no. I can program and feel
beautiful about yourself and your
partner in a way never before
experienced. Increases your mutual
awareness physically and emotionally.
includes 10page booklet, 59 photos, plus
carefully selected hit music to enhance
your shared experience.
Nick can tell you his mess. Exercising
together is a unique and stimulating way
of sharing physical fitness with a
special person. A dynamic combination of
exercise and body awareness. Exercising
together creates a mood, a feeling, and
experience which establishes it. Look at
this. relationship with one another. It
is a new direction.
>> Come on, Rev. Stretch it out, man. Look
at you.
>> Goes beyond previously conceived.
>> Rev yelling.
>> Ways for men and women to pleasurably
experience another human being.
>> What in the world? You will begin the
program.
>> Okay, let's go. Let's go back to the
other one.
>> Thank you.
>> Hello, I'm Rev, the emotional reseller.
Hello, I'm Rev the Practical Reseller.
I hate how few eBay orders I've recently
been receiving. Wait. But you know what?
I love it whenever I'm getting all the
sales on eBay. I'm just loving it. Just
Just wait. You know what? I've never
ever had an item removed from any of my
listings on eBay. Just Just wait. I
don't like the high listing fees. I
don't like the high selling fees. I just
don't like any of the fees on eBay.
>> Wait, they'll go up higher in a minute.
>> I've never had a new clothing item
returned from an eBay buyer used.
>> Wait, I'm loving eBay.
>> Wait,
>> I'm hating eBay.
>> Yeah,
>> I just
I
>> guess what? Yep. You got to wait. Hey
y'all, I I I've made this crazy video
with emotional rev and practical rev
because the kicker is if you don't like
something that's going on in your
reselling business, guess what you got
to do? Yeah, you just got to wait. It'll
turn around. You'll get more sales
tomorrow. Uh and if you're too high,
high high and mighty that you're the
greatest reseller in the world, hey,
guess what? Wait. It's like weather in
Florida. If you don't like it right now,
wait a minute. It's going to change.
Same way in reselling. Uh if if you're
high, don't get too high. Don't don't
get too low. Just be practical and ride
the waves and uh understand another
one's coming. Another valley is coming.
So just just enjoy it. It'll all work
out in the end. Just wait.
>> Well said, Rev.
>> Yep.
>> It's a good one. Good message.
>> But how did you do it? and just film two
different obviously you you film I put
the two chairs there and then you put
you know your two videos on top of one
another and on one you cut out the left
side and on the other one you cut out
the right side
>> and you have them both playing
simultaneously
but the hard part is I should have had
it recorded and had like an earpiece so
I would know when to reply that's what I
should have done
>> so I had to loop and cut and add on a
few times to make it where it worked
because I was just doing it from in my
head and that was uh that was sometimes
that was a little more difficult.
>> So, how did you work out how did you
work out that method? Did you like
Google it or did you come up with that
method in your own head and then and
executed or what? I did it three or four
times in the restoration uh video where
I would put the camera like behind the
engine bay and act like I had like three
or four of me working on the car at the
same time. So,
>> wow.
>> That's that's really where where it came
from.
>> So,
>> very cool.
>> Wow.
>> It it was uh Yeah, there there's ways
you can get creative and uh obviously,
but that was fun.
Rev, I did mention I had one more uh I
had another goal. There's one more goal
for tonight. I didn't tell y'all yet.
And I I didn't tell Ryan this yet
either. It involves Ryan. And one of my
goals.
Ryan, do you have a He may have a clue.
And And Ryan's already leaning this way.
I want to get Ryan
back into making garage sale content
because he I He's Talk about that Ryan
because I want Man, I want you back. You
don't have to do go all in. You don't
have to resell all the stuff. You can
just have a garage sale. Man, I want you
get back out on the street, man. I'm
doing it. It's awesome,
>> dude. It's so It's so fun, man.
>> I know it is. Since you've been going
out and and making videos and like
showing all this cuz dude, you've been
like killing it this this spring so far.
>> We've been lucky. We've been really
lucky though.
>> Yeah.
>> I've been seeing that. I'm like, man,
like every every Saturday when you're
out there and you're sending me pictures
and videos, I'm like, I want to get out
there. So, I have been I have been
looking at um my local listings and
stuff. They haven't really started here
yet. It's still pretty early. They don't
usually kind of kick up till usually,
man, it's been a few years since I've
even gone to a yard sale, but it's
probably been I think it's around like
mid to late April is when they really
start to ramp. So, we still got a few
weeks, but uh yeah, when when they start
coming out, I'm going to We'll see.
We'll see what happens.
>> I'm going to We will I'm going to We'll
see.
>> I'm going to We will see.
>> Even we'll see what happens.
>> Even when you and you and Pam and you
and your dad did the storage, I mean,
there there's still reselling aspects in
that. So, I mean, I I enjoyed watching
those. I I mean, you know,
>> so I do have I do have three or four
videos for Thrift Mine that are still
like unreleased.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
>> at the very least, there'll be that. But
I do I I have the itch. I do. That's why
Lonnie brought it up.
>> And another reason Lonnie like when we
like when me and Ryan first became
friends, like that was all we talked
about was like
>> Yeah. garage sales, YouTube, reselling,
and then we we talk about all kind of
other stuff now, but we don't and I
don't even hardly talk about eBay with
Ryan because, you know, I'm like,
>> yeah,
>> it's like I don't expect him to talk
about his day job with me all day. You
know what I mean? Like,
>> but man, I I I could tell he misses it.
And Rev, we need to work on this, man.
>> Yeah. Hey, I'm I'm game. I'll help any I
can. I'll I'll keep bragging about all
of my sales on the weekend. He's going
to be a vinyl seller. I mean, it's uh
>> that's
I just might I just might I'll be out
looking for vinyl and
>> then maybe I'll send him to Rev.
>> Ryan, you you were Ryan, you were one of
the best in the game, man.
>> No doubt.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I I I miss I do miss it a lot.
>> I take that back. You were the best in
the game. There was a time period where
Ryan was the best in the game. is a
rocket reseller. I mean, it was just
>> Yep. I I remember them days.
>> Yeah.
>> Ryan also has like 20 other things he's
added to his life since then.
>> Yeah.
>> It's okay, though.
>> Little being one of them. Yeah.
>> Yeah. I love a challenge. I love
>> I mean, it would be kind of dumb for me
not to revisit that channel. I mean,
let's be honest. Mhm.
>> Um,
>> dude, even if you went out, if you went
out, like, let's say you went out for a
good day of of of garage sales and you
just filmed uh you you got footage and
you would like even if you didn't
release long form, you could just drop a
short, you could probably get four,
five, six or more shorts out of one.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> And you'd be good for a couple of
months.
>> Yep.
>> And you you could bring Thrift Mind
back, man. You could bring you could
bring it back, dude. It's just waiting
there.
>> Lonnie most certainly would be the one
to encourage you. I don't know if I
could be the one, but like 88 Dave. I
mean, that cat's got 16 channels and
thinking about two more. I don't know
how I don't know how he does it. He
talks about, you know, taking his
daughter to school and his wife's
working. And
>> I mean, he makes me look like chump
change with all the stuff that that he
does. And of course, I'm busy. I don't
know how I could add something else to
it, but he always seems to uh have the
ability to do that. So, it, you know,
that's cool.
>> He he he seems to function very well in
chaos.
>> Yes.
>> Because it's gonna if you do what he
does, it's going to be chaotic. And when
I when I encounter that level of chaos
that that man works in every day,
>> I shut down. I can't do that. Well, he
hyperfocuses in the midst of the chaos
and then bring something successful on
the other side. Uh for me, like today, I
can operate in chaos for a little bit
for like 50 minutes. Uh but if I had to
do it for two hours, I still wouldn't
have hair and I'd be pulling somebody
else's out. I mean, it I I can't do it
for a long period of time. But I mean,
he has a schedule. There's something
that has to happen today and tomorrow
and the next day and it's piled like I
mean he's in chaos for forever and he
functions there. I I couldn't
>> you know that's it. Oh I'm sorry. Go
ahead Ryan.
>> I was I was going to say I was like so
so what do you do rev because I know you
have an extremely busy life right? You
you got the church.
>> Yep.
>> And that that's a full-time thing you
know you're always on call I'm sure. You
know, I'm sure there's always things you
need to tend to,
>> people you need to to be there for. And
>> so, you've got that and then you've got
your family life and you got the the
reselling thing, which obviously takes a
lot of time. So, like like what do you
what do you do
>> when you're looking to kind of rewind
and reset and and and turn it off,
>> if you will,
>> in a in a life in a life where it's
>> like I would say if you're working for
yourself
>> that that's that's something that most
self-employed people deal with is like,
>> you know, the the struggle to turn it
off. But I feel like you're in a very
unique situation because
>> you almost can't like you really can't
wi with the with the church thing, you
know? So, what does that what do you do?
You know,
>> yeah, that's one thing about ministry is
that you're never off like Nikkiet T
wants to go on a cruise, but you know, I
I've been I've been serving as a pastor
since I was 24 years old, and I have
never not been on call. We have been
called home from vacations numerous
times and I would never come home to her
funeral whatever it is it happens. Uh so
I'm always on so you have to
you have to learn to navigate and the
family has to be called as much as I am.
So Nikit and JC and Reagan they're
getting older. My daughter's uh
graduating high school this year. Uh
very all both of them are very
successful. Um, but for me, I, you know,
I love playing chess. One, I don't love
playing chess with someone right in
front of me. I, I, I do it on the phone.
So, if I have
>> Yeah, I like chess, too. I love chess,
too, Rev.
>> That's awesome. I uh But that's that's
something that just
>> And I play three minute games, so of
course, you know, I can take 10 minutes
and it takes my mind off of everything
else. And for those three or four
minutes, I focus
>> uh on on a game. So, uh so that's it.
I've got a lot of places of solitude. I
work in a garden. I've got a garden I
work with. So, there there's a few
things that I do that I'm alone and
there's nobody talking and nobody
calling. I I think cutting it off like
for y'all running. Uh you know, there's
nothing else going on but what you're
doing and you're in your head. I think
we all need that time. Uh because we're
going to live with ourselves the rest of
our lives. So we better uh we better be
comfortable by ourselves. So that's what
I do. I Yeah.
>> So So Rev, you can't go on a cruise.
>> I I could I The church has told me
numerous times, every church I've
pastored, pastored four churches, and
every one of them said, you know, you
go, you do, we'll be fine. And I know
that. But because I'm called, I would
feel bad if I'm, you know, in the
Caribbean
>> and, you know, somebody passes away or
or somebody needs me and I can't get
there.
>> Well, Rev, you you aren't perform you
aren't you aren't trying to perform your
duties to their standard.
>> You're trying to perform your duties to
your standard.
>> Yeah, that's uh that's exactly right.
So,
>> their standard is lower than yours and
you hold yourself to a higher standard.
I I understand that. I get that
>> it's uh it's not always good. We we love
camping, of course. So, we we go camping
and we normally stay close enough that
if we have to, we can get away. Um but I
need I' I've had to learn that in
ministry. When we went to Alaska, we
moved to Alaska for a year and a half.
Um I was pastoring a church that was
much larger than the church I pastor
now, uh which is my home church now. But
there were times I would go 45, 50 days
in the holidays and not have an evening
off. I mean, every evening there would
be something we had to do. And I didn't
know how to say no as a young man. I was
always somebody needed me, it was yes.
So when we went to Alaska, those folks
up there had no had no expectation on
the pastor. And it gave me a chance to
understand it's okay to not have to be
there for everything. So I've gotten
better at it. I've gotten better at it
here at my home church. Uh my parents
are close by and I'm close. I still
serve, but of course I've got a few guys
that want to call and talk every day and
I don't answer every one of their calls.
So if they listen to this, sorry, uh
Dave, I'm not might not answer if you
call. And that's okay. I'm doing
something else.
>> Well, you you you you have to take care
of Rev first before you take care of
others, right? If Rev's not right, then
you can't you can't be there like you're
supposed to be.
>> That's probably why I had those alipcia
spots falling out of my head is cuz I
was worried about everybody else and me.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh eventually eventually that blows.
I mean eventually it it you know it goes
into chaos. So So it's good uh it's good
to learn those time management skills
and learning how to say no for me was a
big deal.
>> H how do you navigate that? Does it get
kind of like I'm sure it gets it gets
really stressful and chaotic at times,
right?
>> Like what what are things you do to and
I think a lot of people could probably
take this advice because I think we all
live
>> we all live stressful lives, right? We
all live lives where it gets chaotic. It
like it seems like, you know, the
pressure of everything's like too much
and
>> some people might not know how to handle
it. Like what how do you handle that?
Because I'm sure you deal with that a
lot. Yeah, I I think for me I just have
to know where the priorities are. Of
course, my relationship with God without
going crazy religious rev resells my
name. My relationship with God is most
important. And under that according to
his rule is my relationship with my
family. Uh if if I don't take care of
Nikkiet and my family, I can't pastor a
church. I I I can't serve a church if
I'm not able to serve my family.
>> So, of course, those priorities have to
stay number one. number two. Uh then
really then the job of the ministry
comes at number three and then YouTube
and all the fun, you know, everything
else comes after that. So when something
hits the fan, I have to determine where
in that priority is it. If
>> if if it's eBay and it's hurting the
family or hurting the church, then I
have to pull back uh from eBay. Uh but
most of the time, you know, if those
things at lower priority are not getting
in the way of those things of higher
priority, they can be good. They can be
useful. But even good stuff, if if you
get it out of priority, it can become
bad stuff. It can become horrible.
>> So, you know, we all understand that
Lonnie, you know, not sleeping and
playing games just like all of us. I
have things I have hobbies that I enjoy
to do. I got a leather station. I've got
all kind of things that I enjoy, but if
I spend too much time doing that and
don't spend enough time with Nick T
watching Paramount Plus or watching
whatever Yellowstone uh
>> Oh, great show, man.
>> Oh, man. The the new one uh Taylor
Sheridan or Taylor.
>> Oh, I haven't seen it.
>> It's awesome. It's uh Kurt Russell and
uh it's called the Madison. It'll uh
it's sappy, but it's good. So, uh it's
it's a good one. So, so that that's the
way I do it. I always have to make sure
those priorities are in order. And if
I'm doing something at priority number
five and it's not going to mess up all
the higher ones, of course, I can do it
and enjoy it. Uh, but of course, you
have to have to be thinking about those
things.
>> You know what? You know what we found,
Rev? I don't know. Uh, and this is going
to sound a little um basic after what
you just said, but um one thing that
that's helped us do y'all do y'all do um
are y'all one day handling, two day
handling, or what what do y'all do on
eBay?
>> We are one day handling, which uh we did
to try to help the store along, right?
>> Um
>> but it it's some that sometimes can be
very very challenging, but we we've got
a rhythm. Uh, but I understand what
y'all did. That has to be freeing.
>> Let me tell you something, Rev. It is I
I because look, if somebody came up to
me and said, "Lonnie,
should I do one day handling or two-day
handling or what?" I would say, "Okay,
if all everything else, if if you can do
it and it works for you, same day or one
day handling is the best way to go
because you know that that's what eBay
wants you to do, right? Mhm.
>> And then your customers want that too
cuz they want like that's the thing we
see the most often in the feedback
really is fast shipping or you know
great packing whatever.
>> However,
>> we found for us for our lifestyle
>> this two we we switched to two-day
handling recently and it has been so
freeing. Rev. And
>> I I can tie this into like
>> stuff comes up where we where we have
opportunities to source during the week.
>> Mhm.
>> And we used to give up. We used to say
no, no, no. We have to ship ship ship or
we have to stay on schedule. And you
know what? We don't actually have a
boss. And we once we once we switched to
two-day handling,
it's it it I haven't been enjoying
reselling more. I've been enjoying
content creation more.
>> And like we've we've just really like I
can't even explain it. And we we
actually had one of our um one of our
viewers comment on a video saying that
they saw us do it. And man, I hate to I
hate to spread that because it could be
also be harmful,
>> right? Yeah. to you know there there's
there could be drawbacks too but man for
us it works. Have you ever considered
doing something like that?
>> It it I I will speak towards what you
just said before I answer the question.
It's noticeable for your viewers. I mean
we can tell that you know not
>> well I mean we can tell the pressure is
off. I mean you you you seem to be you
and Candace both seem to be enjoying it
and and even when you're packing if you
get to the point where you've already
packed all that you need for that day
>> you can take a break. go get a thing of
coffee. Like today, I couldn't have I
couldn't have swallowed spit. I mean, I
had to go go. I mean, it had we had to
work. Uh so, I understand it. So, yeah,
I have I have considered it. Um but with
me,
>> the church schedule is always on on
Wednesday night. Of course, I've got
certain things. So, this one day
handling works for us and we haven't had
any hiccups. But, but it would be good
to have that little bit of a bumper that
if we needed something in the fan.
>> It's so nice, man. Cuz like today, like
in the past, we would come out here on
Sundays a lot.
>> Yeah.
>> To pull and pack orders to try and get
ahead because sometimes our we do we do
a pickup. We don't bring them in.
>> But and sometimes that carrier could get
here like maybe they have a substitute
carrier and they run the the route the
other way and they get here at like
10:30 and we're not ready and we're like
ah and now we have all these now we got
to go to the post office and that puts
us further behind and now I'm all
stressed out over what? Over nothing.
>> Yeah. you know, and but today we pack
and I'm like and Candace is like, "Well,
everything that has to go out today
>> is out." And I'm like, "Oh, good. Let's
eat lunch and we'll come back and
finish."
>> Yeah.
>> Before
>> Before I had plenty of days where I
wasn't eating lunch till 2 3:00 in the
afternoon and and that's not like I was
feeling weak and just stressed and you
know, it's not good, man. Like this is
working for us.
>> Yeah, you can tell it. I mean, it it's
noticeable and I know if it's noticeable
for us, it has to be very noticeable for
you and Candace. So, for all nothing
else but do that,
>> it it it it's taken the pressure off and
it's made us like we've really been
enjoying it. I I can't. So, I'm not
telling and I hate to even talk about
it, like I said, because it I don't want
to hurt anybody, you know?
>> Right.
>> I I don't know how much difference it
would make. Have you noticed a
difference in sales? I I mean you you
said you don't like talking about the
metrics and all of that. The two-day to
one day, do you think it slowed your
sales down any?
>> Oh, no. I don't mind talking about
metrics. I just don't like watching
other people talk about metrics. You
know what I mean?
>> Oh, but no. Um I've um
I don't know, man. I I think eBay's been
kind of weird. I I think we we've seen a
drop in volume.
>> Mhm.
>> Lately,
>> but you're selling big stuff.
>> But we've also been selling a lot of
higher ticket items, which is like which
is where we kind of want to be anyways.
Like I I I'd love to just sell.
>> Your game is good, too, though, because
you're selling I I don't What is your
average record?
Uh the lowest that I list them for is $8
plus shipping on top. So, but of course
then some go on sale. I'll put them at
12% if they have watchers. So, that's
telling everybody if you want to watch
it, I'm going to send you a 12% offer.
Uh because I have so much room. Uh you
know, it can get down. I probably sold
some for five bucks that a guy sent an
offer on, but I don't like to go any
cheaper than that because then you got
the mailer, you got all this,
>> right? it it's really not worth it. But
I don't have a quarter. Probably a
quarter per vinyl is about all on
average that I that I have. So there's a
lot of room.
So when you buy the records, are like
cuz cuz man I I I I want to know more
about like how like when you go to sales
>> and you buy the record like what what do
you like do you comp all the records or
you just kind of buy them on feel? I'm a
buy them all type guy. If I go and I see
a stack of vinyl, uh the normally the
first thing I'll do if I look through
and see a few decent records that I
know, I'll just simply say, "Hey, how
much for all of them?" Because I I think
I'm going to get the better deal that
way. And uh sometimes it's hurt me,
sometimes it's helped me, but that's how
I have 5,000 vinyls is because I've just
But then I bring them home and I'll call
if it has a scratch. If it has a deep
gouge, it's gone.
>> I don't list it. I just throw it away.
Uh because, you know, I don't want
anything coming back. I don't want any
negative feedback.
>> So, I list every one of the records that
I that I have said is good enough to be
listed. I take a picture of the front
with the vinyl out maybe an inch. I flip
it over and take a picture of the back
cover and I do that for 50 vinyls. I
send it through the AI listister with a
hundred pictures. And the AI listister I
mean when I say it is perfect. I don't
want to speak. There's probably been 10
that I've had to say no that's the wrong
record. Out of all the ones that I have,
uh, I probably had 400 records listed
before AI and now I have about 5,000
listed because of AI. And so it just
makes it so much quicker and easier for
me to list. U, I list every one of them
G+ or better, and most of them, no, all
of them are way better than G+. So when
somebody buys it thinking it's going to
be a crappy record, they're pleased when
they get it because it's much better uh
than what they thought. So uh it's been
good. So So y'all don't just buy
records, though. Y'all buy a lot of
other stuff, too. So like the um
like the like the snow globes and the uh
Waterford Crystal and you know, all the
the other stuff y'all and the hats.
>> Yeah. Uh, so, uh, well, the hats would
definitely make sense to batch up and
take photos and do like you can do those
kind of like a record, right?
>> Mhm.
>> But what about like the oneoff stuff
that y'all do? Do y'all do is it the
same process or different?
>> Yeah. AI has the AI listister. I use
list uh list easier. It has a batch
listing where you can sort of set it up.
You set up shipping, you set up your
policies, you set up all of these things
for all everything you're going to list
in this batch. And then you can go
through and change price and you can
change all the things after you get the
pictures up. But then the other one is
Flex. And what Flex does is it allows
you to take as many pictures as you want
and it'll create a listing for you from
the pictures and then you can go in and
and change anything that you need. But
you can only do 10 at a time on those.
But it does I mean it it works really
really well too. So I could literally do
every listing through list easier. Uh
and and I think it would be just as
good. But of course high value stuff.
I've got uh I found these like a week or
so ago. These are
>> I I mean I don't even they're pretty
cool. I got a couple of these. Uh
something like that. I'll I'll probably
do a oneoff regular listing. Uh, but 95%
of the things we buy at yard sales, we
can use the AI listister because it it's
supposed to optimize the listing and it
sort of knows like it looks at all the
sold listings and it says, "Hey, why
have all of these sold and all these
others haven't?" and it models
>> it it's supposed to model the listing to
kind of amplify it and make it better.
And it's worked. I mean, I'm selling
vinyl that I don't think anybody in eBay
land ever thought of trying to sell, and
I'm listing them for $8 and selling them
for $8. So, it's pretty good.
>> Interesting.
>> Yep.
>> So, what do you what do you think about
AI, Rev?
>> Uh, I I love AI listers. I can promise
you that because it's made my life a
whole lot uh a whole lot
I can I can do 10 times as many listings
per week as even more than that than I
could do by myself. You have to buy
thinking about that. Uh you have to
source thinking about hey I'm going to
use AI listister to do this. Um but we
really haven't changed much. I just
don't have vinyls sitting in a in the
shed unlisted. Now they're all listed
and ready to be sold. So, it's helped
me. It's helped me a bunch and I I
enjoyed it. It makes thumbnails easier
now as well.
>> Right. Right.
>> Yeah. What about from a bigger picture?
What about like Okay. Like like what if
what if we weren't talking about
reselling at all?
>> And
>> I agree with you. I I think before you
get to that, I actually agree with you.
I think because I use AI every day as
well.
>> Yeah. I think it can be applied and it
can be used in a lot of beneficial ways
to improve our lives for sure. But go
ahead.
>> It's a good tool. It's a horrible
master. Uh you can use it like you do a
hammer and a screwdriver and and say,
"Hey, I need it to do this and it'll
work and it'll be good." But if you try
to like talk to it and be friends with
it and and think your life is going to
be uh revolved around AI, uh you're
going to lose in the end and it's not
going to be enjoyable at all. So uh it's
a good tool. It's a horrible master.
>> Rev, I you've got me wanting to try list
easier now. I'll be honest. As a matter
of fact, do you have like a a code or
something?
>> Code Commonwealth. I'll say
>> Oh, whoa. I didn't know you were going
to do that, man. I wasn't ready for
that.
>> I didn't uh I I I had it before Kevin
and uh and I tried it before I heard
Kevin start talking about it. I really,
to be honest, I don't think Kevin has
used it enough, even himself. He he
shares it and he knows it's going to
work. Uh but he's waiting to get that
big building built so that he can
amplify it and use it. Um, but to me,
uh, you know, if you have even even the
little reels that you have,
>> I know you would never want to do this
because it would take it would take
forever. You could you could list every
one of AI lister would allow you to, I
know you don't want to, but it would
allow you to list every single one of
those individually and have them custom
labeled skewed so you could go in and
get them. Uh you could make more money
that way, but it would take you a
hundred years to sell them all. Uh
>> right.
>> Like my old man's Hot Wheels, I've been
trying to encourage him
>> uh to go and use an AI listister, but
he's afraid he won't be able to find the
stuff that he needs.
>> I tell you what, when you were when you
were showing old the old man's I'm
calling him the old man because that's
what we're supposed to call him. I think
we're supposed to call him the old man.
Not trying to be disrespectful, but
>> um man, when you were when you were
showing that room full of those Hot
Wheels, man, I was just salivating. Oh
my gosh, that's awesome.
>> Yes. So many.
>> And he has another house. He he has a
lot of rental houses and the home that
they presently live in is on South River
and he has a a house that's right next
to him that he literally has the
upstairs of that house probably 500
square foot or more and the upstairs is
full of that many more Hot Wheels.
>> Well, let me tell you what my uh my
experience with AI because I I went Ryan
could tell you I went deep into AI. How
long How long ago was that Ryan? about a
year ago maybe.
>> Uh yeah.
>> Well, maybe like six months or six
months ago.
>> Nobody really knows this about you, but
yeah, you went you went deep in the
>> I'm um I I I've always been kind of a
techie
>> and um you know, I like to code and I
like I play around with microcontrollers
and electronics and robots and stuff
like that, right? That's something I've
It's kind of been a hobby I haven't
spent near as much time with as I wish I
would have, but once I once I got into
once that I knew they had AI agents that
could help code, I went all in. As a
matter of fact, if you go to
shedflips.com,
I made that from scratch. It's not a
template.
>> Me and AI, I made that in Windsurf using
mostly I think clawed AI because you can
choose what which AI you want it to use.
And man, I I was in I had it I had it
controlling the servers. I had I mean
everything. I was deep, man. I love it.
It's fun. I It's powerful. I get it. So,
>> I don't want anybody to think because I
made some comments online before about,
you know, about all the AI stuff that's
on Facebook. You might have saw that,
Rev.
>> Yeah. The the cartoon family
was offended because she liked our
little cartoon and Lonnie's like, I'm
tired of seeing all this. I didn't Wait,
I didn't I wasn't talking about yours
and
>> Oh, no, no, no. I know you weren't. I
know you wasn't. We saw it and and Nikki
T had just shared it with me, so I
looked over.
>> See, that was a dumb post. That was
dumb. See, that's one of those mistakes
I make because
like when I made that, I was like, "Oh,
well, this will be a hot take. This will
be a controversial topic that'll get
people talking." And it did. But you
know what? A lot of people took it
personally.
>> Yeah. because they use they use AI a lot
every day. It they it's helpful. It it
they find a lot of value in it and I get
it.
>> And when I made that post, I wasn't
really I was more talking about just
like it seems like there's so much AI
slop everywhere all the time and
nothing's authentic.
>> Yeah. You don't know what you don't know
what's real anymore. Of course, those
obviously, you know, they're not real.
They were just fun. So, I I'm cool with
those. But the ones that can make me,
you know, look like I'm, you know, going
out or dating another woman and somebody
says, "Oh, look at here." You know,
that's that's where it gets creepy and
weird and odd. And, uh, there's people
that get their kicks off on that mess.
So, all three of us being on YouTube and
Facebook and all of these different
things, uh, I wonder what it'll be like
in 10 years, you know?
>> That's that's what I was gonna ask.
That's what I really kind of want to
know. like step away from the reseller
perspective for a moment and like if I
asked you
Rev, what do you think the the net
effect on humanity
will end up being? And I know we can't
you can't tell the future like I get
that like it's really difficult but do
you think that
>> the net effect of AI on humanity say 20
30 40 years from now is going to be
positive or a negative and also like if
I asked you today Rev is your life are
you happier
is your life better with AI right now
than it was say five years years ago
without AI. How about this?
>> Of course, I not getting political and
all of this, but education, my wife's in
education, uh education, kids learning
levels have decreased in the last 15
years as technology has increased.
>> Technology has gotten better, classrooms
have gotten better, but kids don't know
how to read and write. They don't know
how to do arithmetic. they Yep.
>> Uh, you know, so I think as as humanity,
we're actually getting dumber because
our technology is getting better. Um,
I
>> if it if all of that ever went away, I
we wouldn't know how to grow corn. We
wouldn't know how to grow uh, you know,
raise crops. I mean, there's so many
things like working on old cars. It used
to be common place that everyone could
adjust valves, everybody could change
tires, everybody could work on
carburetors. Now, no one knows how to do
those things because you have to have a
technical degree, you have to have a
computer. So, there are certain things
that it has helped us, but it has made
us so dependent upon it that if it ever
goes away, man, we're all going to be up
the creek without a paddle. So, uh, I
think learning some things, having a few
books around, knowing how to make your
own wallet, knowing how to grow a little
bit in the garden, and changing your own
tire. I think that wisdom needs to be
taught to every generation. Uh, throw AI
away and get outside. So, that's where
uh, my life is better because I use AI
as a tool. Uh, but if AI was my god, uh,
you know, I would be lost. I mean, it's
it's not good. That's the thing that
concerns me. And
it's interesting you use that word, Rev,
because I've kind of thought about that,
right? It almost seems like we're
heading towards
>> this super intelligence that is going to
essentially act like God.
>> Yeah. There was a movie right not too
long ago that most of the time Hollywood
depicts like the worst part of what
could happen in humanity where there's
people who are hooked up to a computer.
They're really not living. They're
living in this this crazy computer world
and enjoying all of this. Uh but you
know when all that turns off they're
they're just a vegetable and it's crazy.
I hope we I hope society never gets to
that. But I don't know how many of us
can go to the restroom without these
anymore.
>> Yeah. What are you gonna do? You know,
what are you gonna do when you're
sitting there for a few minutes? I mean,
it's uh so we're all connected. So
connected now and it's good. Uh but like
I say, if if it gets out of those
priorities, boy, we can all be in
trouble. And I think most folks are
already there to be honest with you. The
biggest concern for me when it comes to
AI is
what's it going to look like when
inevitably most jobs are are taken by
AI, right? And sure, a lot of people
might not like their job, but it does
give them a sense of purpose, right?
Mhm.
>> So what happens when you have the
majority of society no longer having,
you know, and obviously if you're a
religious person, this might be
different if you're a Christian, but no
longer having a sense of purpose in the
world.
>> You know, that's that's a scary place, I
think. Well, Elon says it's going to
make where money is not important and
all of these things are not not needed
because AI is going to take care of all
of this and do
>> that. That to me is a pipe dream that we
we can't even,
>> you know, we can't even as a society
today uh fund certain things in our
government because we got two groups
fighting all the time. And I haven't
said and I won't say which side I stand
on either of these things, but but I
don't see how if we have that, I don't
see how it's going to get better just
because now we can stay at home and have
more free time to fight and argue about
things that ultimately don't matter. Uh,
a job gives us purpose and something to
do. And, uh, most of the time, idle
minds and idol hands can get us in a
world of trouble.
>> Yep.
You you know what I think is going to I
I don't know what's going to happen with
AI exactly. I'm a little concerned about
the amount of um power that it requires,
the amount of chips it requires. Like
already it's it's it's hard to buy like
right now go try and buy some some
memory for a computer.
>> People are having trouble even building
new computers right now. uh PS5
uh a base level PS5 now is going just
went up in price to $650.
Um all of these all of these resources
>> Mhm.
>> so many resources are going to be
devoted to AI. I'm I'm concerned about
that
>> for sure. But what I'm banking on is I
think very soon people are going to long
for authenticity.
>> That's what I'm banking on. That's what
I'm hoping for because that's all I got,
man.
>> We're we're created for community. I
mean, even people that are introverted,
uh, you know, they they still hunger for
community. And of course, people have
said, "Oh, well, I find that online."
And that's true. We can find it by
watching people and hanging out. But we
still need uh community. We still need
one another. We still need humanity. And
uh yeah, I think eventually it'll get
back. That's why folks like watching
gardening channels and stuff, walking in
the park. I mean, how many people, you
know, don't go out and walk outside,
camping videos, different things like
that that we're just so caught up in our
computer world,
>> we we forget that there's a world out
there that's pretty awesome if we'll
just get out and ride around in it.
>> So,
isn't that sad that you to watch someone
else do that versus just doing it
yourself, though? Yeah. Yeah, you're
right.
>> In a way. In a way. I mean, I watch a
lot of that stuff myself, but like why
don't I just go out there
like that that guy in Canada, my
self-reliance. I don't know if y'all
have ever seen his channel, man. This
cat goes out in the woods and he's just
building everything with just primitive
tools and doing it like the old days
>> and and building his own cabin out of
trees in his own yard. And there's
something about that that takes us back
to that hunter gatherer uh that we all
want. You know, that'd be cool to let it
all go and go do that.
>> I did used to like watching Ryan turn me
on to a really good channel that uh kind
of connects to to where you were in
Alaska, you said for
>> uh Outdoor Boys. That that was Man,
>> great guy.
>> No doubt. a great guy.
>> I I would not I was in Alaska's we left
a church here uh took off. Had no idea
what we were going to do. Uh three weeks
in after we got to Alaska with 11
suitcases as all the family of four
took. We had a church uh we started
building. The church was growing. Uh but
man, we loved it up there. But it got
negative 37 two or three nights in a
row. And uh this Georgia boy said,
"That's cold."
>> And uh it was we we had to plug our
truck up to be able to crank it in the
morning. I mean, you ain't got to do
that in Georgia. I mean, you ain't got
to do that around here. Uh but we had a
our pastor here passed away and it slow
rolled into it was time for us to come
back home. But Alaska was absolutely
beautiful. Uh but you have to be rugged
uh to live there. How how big was that
church? You said it was a bigger church.
How many uh how many how big was that
congregation there?
>> The church in South Georgia had about
800 members and we left it and went and
the church in Alaska that we were called
to had 13 people when we were voted on.
Uh so it was a small congregation. Uh so
we left 800 church and went to a 13
member church.
>> Uh and it grew of course during the time
that we were there in the year and a
half. They built the we built the
education building, built Sunday school
rooms, a library and all this onto it.
Now they have like four or five pastors
now. So the church is great.
>> Yep. So
>> how did you end up How did you end up up
there? Like what transpired to
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. We uh I was working. I told y'all
the church it was like 40 or 50 days in
a row that we I didn't know how to say
no. And me and Nick just started
praying. We were watching all those
Alaska shows and uh there are only like
a hundred from Texas to Maine, the state
of Alaska would fit in there and there's
only like a hundred Baptist churches in
the whole state. Uh so we thought, hey,
we can go we can go there. Um so we
started praying about it and about three
months in she said uh Nikit told me she
said I think we need you know we need to
go and that was all. If she said it was
okay it was like all right we're going.
So, we we told the church and the church
wouldn't let us resign. They said, "No,
you're going to stay. We're going to
send you." So, they uh they helped us
sell all of our stuff and
>> uh they sent us to Alaska. We still have
a great relationship with the church in
South Georgia and a great relationship
with the church in Alaska. So, it was uh
it was cool. We literally sold
everything down to 11 suitcases and we
came back with 11 suitcases and a thing
of golf clubs. Uh that's how we came
back.
>> So, So Nikki T Nikki T said, "Let's go."
>> Yeah. She was an army brat. Her dad was
in the army and uh she did not want to
move. And then she married a Baptist
pastor uh who, you know, moves around a
little bit. So I never thought, you
know, if if she was ever going to be
okay with it. I knew it was a God thing
and not a me thing.
>> So uh she said, "Let's go." And we took
off and it was cool. We loved it.
It it always has amazed me people that
are that that are called like that to to
go do missions. I had a um I had a
a teacher in high school. She was my
science teacher, Mrs. Watson.
>> Mhm.
>> And uh great, you know, she had a great
career at the school. She was there for
years and then all of a sudden her and
her husband were like, "We're being
called to Papa New Guinea."
>> Yeah. packed up everything,
>> moved to Papa New Guinea to to do
teaching there and do missions there and
they're still there to this day. I'm
friends with her on Facebook and every
birthday comes around her and her
husband post on my Facebook wall.
They're always the first they're always
the first one to wish me happy birthday
because they're like, you know, 13 hours
ahead or whatever.
>> That's cool.
>> But yeah, that was like 15 years ago.
So,
>> back to that priority thing for for me.
God is first. So, of course, if he
directs, uh, you you know, where
wherever he sends, I'll go. you. That's
That's wild to me because I think I feel
like so many of us are uh like we get to
we we get like in a routine and then it
just feels like that inertia is so
strong and then I see somebody like Rev
and Nikki T or hear hear about y'all
like just packing everything up and oh
well that this was this was this was
fun. let's go try this. And they just
blow everything up and and do it. And
it's like, man, the courage and strength
that takes. I can't imagine that.
>> It was freeing. I mean, you don't know
how cool it was to, you know, go down in
a year and a half. We were only there a
year and a half. So, we sold everything
we had in Georgia. We flew to Alaska.
And then in a year and a half after we
filled up a house in Alaska, in a year
and a half we sell everything we have
there to fly back to Georgia. And here
we are nine years later and we filled
up, you know, we can you can accumulate
junk really quick. Uh so worry about it.
>> So So Rev, like
man, you could be gone next week.
>> Yeah. I I'll uh I'll give you my AI
listister and all of our our listings.
Yeah, if he uh if he pointed in that
direction, we would uh we would go. Uh
you know, I'm kind of praying he
doesn't, but if if he does if he does,
I'm going.
>> That's why I can't imagine doing that. I
just can't like just especially with
your kids. And I'm I'm assuming uh Nikki
T must have had a a she had a job at
that point, right?
>> No. Uh the church I was pastoring, it
was uh I didn't do anything else but
pastor that church. The salary was uh
the salary was great. Uh we had a home.
Uh Nikit didn't have to work. She was at
home raising kids.
>> Okay.
>> And it was great. And uh every church I
have moved from to pastor except the
last one, I've made less money in every
church that I went to outside of that
one. I took a pay raise when the kids
came, but everyone else has been smaller
and less money. Uh but I've I've been
able to eat good sausage biscuits every
time I wanted to. So, uh it's been good.
>> Been able to get the good groceries,
right?
>> Ain't no doubt. Ain't no doubt.
I I I want to um I I never I'll be
honest, I hadn't really watched your
content much in the past
>> or or a lot of resellers content and I
really been digging it and Nikki T is
really something and I've been wa as
I've been watching you two. Um, y'all
are so much like Candace and I.
>> Mhm.
>> In a lot of ways. Not always, you know,
but but just the the banter. And and and
I I told you this today that I was like,
Candace, see, they're just like us. And
then and then Candace goes, you're not
that funny.
>> And Nikki T's reply back was, "She don't
think I'm all that funny most of the
time." But but Nikki T is awesome. You
know why? Because last time you came on
this show
>> Yeah.
>> you dropped a bomb bombshell on me
>> about those those driving shoes.
>> Yeah.
>> And and I I'll catch y'all up if y'all
didn't see that. So this is what how
long ago is this? Five five years ago or
maybe more.
>> Yeah. I was showing off some Italian
driving shoes to me as a as a a guy down
in South Louisiana who did who five
minutes before that didn't know that
driving shoes were a thing that existed
in this world
>> to me they look
>> they look fancy and they were Italian
and I was like wow that's really
something these are great these are f
man I bet oh wow look the p you do the
oh man these are awesome rev's watching
He buys the shoes
>> and and he he thought I I don't know if
he I wasn't trying to trick you, Rev,
but Rev wasn't happy with them
>> and he kept he kept them, but he also
harbored just a little bit a little just
a little bit of a you know, like I don't
know, some bad feelings or whatever. And
he and he let go of it on that podcast,
which I was glad I was glad you let that
out, Rev.
>> I let it out. I ain't saying I let go of
it. I ain't said that yet. You can keep
going, though.
>> Okay. I I know. I Well, I I choose words
carefully usually.
>> So, Nikki T, I think she might have felt
a little bad about that.
>> Because we had a really fancy pair of
shoes in our store. And I mean for real
this time. Okay. And
>> for reals,
>> she Yeah, for reals. On Thursday,
she bought a pair of shoes from us and
they're they're Rev. I think she's going
to love them. I hope.
>> Yeah, she better.
>> She is a shoe she's a shoe connoisseur.
So, I could not imagine out of the
hundreds of pairs of shoes that she
owns, she's going to love yours. We're
going to take pictures of them when she
put them on, Lonnie. I'm going to let
you see them.
>> Well, well, Rev, I I don't know. We said
some funny stuff about the shoes today,
but when she's wearing those shoes, she
ain't going to be able to sneak up on
nobody. I'll say that.
>> Yeah, that's right. Well, she's bright.
There ain't no doubt. So, she will enjoy
them. When she told me when she told me
she got them, I said, "Oh, heck, come on
now. You bought them from Lonnie."
So, these are the re these are good
shoes, right? But let me ask you
something.
>> What? And I I look, I I did I
legitimately said a prayer that these
shoes make it and that y'all love them
and that Nikki T especially loves them.
But what if Nikki T comes to you and
says, "Look, I hate to tell you this,
Rev.
>> These shoes hurt my feet. They're
nothing like what that listing made them
look like.
>> And I am just I don't like them."
>> And now we do have We have free returns.
>> Yeah. Oh, I ain't returning them,
brother. We gonna have content for days
if something like that happens.
>> I mean, it's going to be shorts on
YouTube, on Facebook. I might even go to
Tik Tok. I mean, we gonna blast it,
brother.
>> I don't The one thing I don't need right
now, I do not need beef
>> with the Reverend.
>> That's not a good look for That's not a
good look for shed flips.
>> You don't need to worry about Rev. Nick
is the one you need to be worried about.
That's like a little small piece of
dynamite when it blows up.
It's rough.
>> I So, okay. But the other eventuality is
she gets them, she loves them, she's
happy,
>> and she says, she says, "Rev,
they did good. Did I like these shoes?
These are exceeded expect is the is now
is it is it closed? Is the whole story
closed at that point?
>> We'll be back to even, brother." I mean,
we'll be on even footing at that time.
That's what we aiming for.
>> Nice.
But yeah, I I man that that kind that
made my day though when she bought those
shoes.
>> Yeah, she she told me about it after she
went on and did it. I don't know if she
saw them on the store or whatnot. She
probably heard you talking them up. Say,
"Oh, look at these, Candace. Look how
wonderful these are." So, uh, I told
her, I said, "Baby, you need to tell me
before you make these decisions because
I can
>> Oh, no you didn't. No, you didn't.
I didn't. I didn't.
My favorite thing my favorite thing.
>> Yeah, let me hear it.
>> No, no, no. Go ahead. I want you to
finish yours.
>> Oh, no. I was just We were talking about
Nikkiet T. Uh we had a trip in that
Well, you probably saw it in the last
video where we're going to Atlanta and
she has this like Australian guy on her
phone that tells her directions. You're
jealous. She smiles every time he says
turn to the left. You know, I mean,
she's loving it. So, uh, she had the
directions on her phone and I'm telling
you what, ain't no Australian dude gonna
tell me where to turn. So, he said turn
left and I I kept on straight and and I
should have listened to that dude cuz we
hit traffic and I mean when I say
traffic, it stopped. I mean it and and
she she was boiling in the passenger
seat and y'all I pulled out my camera
and I started talking to that camera and
y'all she didn't like it. I had to lean
over and tell everybody she was mad. She
wanted me to burn and it it was bad. So
uh so but she I took her and got her
something to eat afterwards. So we we
were good.
>> Oh, she was hangry.
>> She's a little hangry.
>> She was hangry. I took her to the
varsity and we got uh we ate good. So,
uh, it was a good time.
>> Rev, you're not really jealous of that
Australian guy's voice, are you?
>> You should have heard it, man. You
should have heard his voice. Nikki,
>> turn right.
>> That's Ryan. You got it, man. I mean,
that's exactly And she just beams every
time. This this
>> That's what it is.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh,
>> this old slow country roll. Don't do it
for her like that Australian.
She's gonna tear me up when she watches
this. So, uh,
>> but yeah, it's been, man, I' I've really
enjoyed I've really enjoyed watching
that because u I I love how Nick Nikki
T, she does the same thing to you that
Candace does to me. We go to the garage
sale. I'm like, Candace, we got a lot of
stuff. We can afford to be picky today,
>> right? And we went to that garage. I
don't know if you watched my short I put
out yesterday.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. I got I got the little plastic
box. is worth 75. I got it for a buck. I
got my book sets that I like to get, you
know, got I like to do those.
>> It's kind of like you like your vinyl,
you know, we got our own things or
whatever.
>> What does Candace show up with?
>> Glass.
>> 36 plates and cups and all this other
>> but it $20. I think we can make I think
it'll sell for $150 to $200.
>> I don't need that money that bad because
the pack that's about $300 worth of
packing frustration for me. Yeah.
>> And every time she brings that glass
into that truck,
>> you you give her the business, Rev.
>> Well, I tell you, I I I got in trouble
again. She She had a She had some
federal glass. I mean, them things ain't
sold since 1970.
And she was just wanting to get it
because she ain't found nothing. So, her
goal was she was going to buy it. It was
$10 and and she said, "Oh, they sell
they sell for $45." And there's like one
person that that sold some 10 years ago
or something. I told her, I said, "Baby,
we don't need them. Them things ain't
going to sell." And I'm talking about
offended now. It was almost like how I
felt when Lonnie sold me them riding
shoes. I mean, I was just She was upset.
So, we didn't get the glass.
>> You know what I You know what I learned
to do, Rev? finally because man I've
gone like like we joke around and stuff
but
>> um I finally I Candace hit some Candace
has hit so many like big scores on glass
>> I finally told myself I'm going to joke
around a little bit about it but she I'm
going to let her just do her thing she
has made
>> she has made us some money on this glass
because you know what there ain't much
competition buying that stuff Yeah. Oh,
Nick. Great picker, too. You're right.
Yeah.
>> As your knowledge grows, man.
>> Mhm.
>> There is money in that niche. There is.
>> And that's the cool thing about having
two a couple that's doing it is one, we
divide and conquer at estate sales and
garage sales. But Nikki T knows things
about Christmas, about glass,
>> right?
>> About mess. I never would have even
thought I would have tripped over it,
but she buys it. And uh it usually does
it usually does good. So uh that's
that's good stuff.
>> Candace is the same, man. Like I I
complain here and there or whatever, but
every now and then, man, she'll she'll
buy something for $5 and we'll sell it
for 300 and I got to shut up. Wow. You
know,
>> that's right.
>> Because all that other all that other
stuff got us to that point and got
Candace to that point, you know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And and I think it's smart
for us uh you know sometimes as as the
reseller and the one who's doing you
know certain parts of the work and
others uh you know it's invaluable to
have Nikit with a woman's eye. I mean
there's things that she will see that
she will say hey you need to look this
up or I'm gonna show you that this has
value. uh we have made boatloads of
money and she pulls me back on other
things because I kid around about vinyl.
Uh there are a lot of times she slowed
me down and wowed me up on because I saw
something and saw dollar signs and she
was like hold on we need to think about
this. So
>> hold up wait a minute.
>> Yeah Nick T about to put her foot in it.
That's what's about to happen.
So, I've had to learn I've had to learn
quickly to acquies to some of those uh
you know, some of those encouragements
from Nikki T. So, it's good.
>> Are you ever going to like how do you
feel feel? Because you know how I felt
off and on over the years about filming
at the actual garage sales.
>> How do you You don't do it and I don't I
don't need you to do it. I like I like
it just like it is. But how do you feel
about that? Personally,
>> we have we have done it in the past. Uh
I did not like like the backpack.
>> Uh you know, because you're coming in
with a backpack that already is going to
stand out when you jump out of the car.
Why is this dude got a backpack on? You
know, is he wearing a purse or something
like that? So, I don't know if you wear
a backpack, but that's in my mind.
>> I used to.
>> But it fits good on my overalls. So, I
I've even said in some of my last
videos, hey, you know, there's going to
be times I'm going to take you along and
sort of show people.
>> I think I said in the video today, I'll
I'll show you what you wouldn't have
bought either because we weren't buying
all that much, right?
>> Um, so I think it's a great view, but I
don't want to be stuck that I have to do
that, you know? I I think the personal
part of talking about it and
>> riding around in the car, that's sort of
a a thing for us. But we we'll probably
record some, but I don't know if we'll
have like a whole video where we're
walking in and out because one weekend I
could probably get two or three videos
if I recorded every garage sale. And you
probably will, uh, Lonnie, if you're
going to do it.
>> I did. I did Saturday, Rev. I when we
went out Saturday, we hit like uh it was
a community sale
>> uh about an hour away. We drove to it
and we hit I I think we hit probably
about 60 garage sales total
>> and I ended up with uh just under two
hours of footage and 71 total clips.
>> Wow. That's at least two videos. That's
at least two.
>> I think it'll be two. I'm probably
because I'm probably going to There's
probably at least
It's been a while since I've done this.
I'm guessing there's probably going to
be about an after I get cut finished
cutting it, I'm probably going to have
about 40 minutes of that that ends up on
videos and then an hour and 20 minutes
it's ne nobody ever sees.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Because it's just not not that But I
only need about 20 minutes to make a
video. So I can probably make two videos
out of that.
>> Mhm. Yeah.
>> Out of the 60 sales, like how many do
you think you you bought stuff from?
We didn't buy all that much to be
honest. Uh but we did buy some cool
stuff. I would say
uh maybe 20 of them and and a lot of
times it was only one item. But what I'm
really looking for when I go to those
garage sales and like I obviously I'm
looking to buy stuff.
>> I'm looking for um I'm looking for cool
stories. I'm looking for interactions.
I'm looking for conversations. And we
had some really really good ones.
>> Yeah.
>> Some awesome conversations. Like we we
um we talked to one girl. She does Tik
Tok. Uh she's a Tik Tok influencer for a
living. And I've actually been seeing
these people lately, man.
>> Mhm.
>> They they get on Tik Tok, they they they
do whatever to sell a product and then
all these other companies send them free
stuff and then they sell the stuff at
their garage sale.
>> This is an opportunity, guys.
>> Pretty good gig. Yeah, that's right. Oh,
yeah. You just want to jump in and and
don't put it in your garage sale. Just
call me, you know. Uh that's uh I'll
take that load off.
>> Yep.
>> But yeah, last time around I was getting
really anxious about filming and all
that. I just didn't know how you felt
about it, Rever. If you thought it was
right or wrong or anything like that or
>> you know, once again, I think if you
have a camera on it does it would do me
good and I think it would be good. I
start a lot of conversations
uh at garage sales and I'm almost
habitual when I go to a garage sale when
I'm talking to folks. Uh so a lot of
times that's one of the reasons I don't
record it is because I'm meeting people.
There's a lot of times I'm inviting
people to the church I pastor. I'm
finding out if they've got vinyls. I'm
not worried about people hearing the
negotiation or whatnot. Uh, but I just I
like that personal connection and I
don't want anybody to think I'm doing it
for clicks
>> that I'm Oh, Rev's just, you know, being
nice because uh he's on camera. Uh, I
want to be as genuine as I can be. And I
think with me and Nikki T, you know, I
can have the camera and not worry about
not think about it, but I don't want
folks thinking that dude's weird. You
know, he's asking us all these questions
and he's got a video camera on. So, I
that's my point.
>> Quick interruption. Lonnie and I want to
thank you very much for your continued
support of the Lonnie and Ryan podcast.
We do have a channel membership called
the inner circle where you can join and
watch the occasional live stream
pre-show. You can interact with us in
the chat, ask questions, and your
questions may even be featured on the
show. If you're interested, all you got
to do is hit join down below. Let's get
back to the show. Well, I I tell you
what, Rev, the um I fil I filmed what I
thought was a really good little short
from the garage sale the other day. U
you know, where I got where Candace
bought the dishes, I bought the books.
You know what? I did that with
>> my cell phone.
>> That's smart. Yeah.
>> And I and I and I was we were we had a
conversation going with with her and we
were telling her we were selling on eBay
the whole and she saw me. I was like
filming like I was not I was bold and
and I got it, you know. So,
>> but there are man, there are definitely
times where it's not it it it doesn't
make sense to film. So, I get that.
>> That's something I got to cuz Lonnie,
you're trying to get me back into making
that content. That's that's something I
have to get over, dude. Like, if I'm
going to do it is the anxiety, dude.
>> Yeah. because I like
obviously I did it before and things
happened so it kind of like scarred me
but I'm just I think I'm kind of like
that person too because dude I get
lately I've been getting anxious just
going and picking up food
>> because I know people know me
>> because I know people know that's
without a camera and like I'm like I'm
kind of an introverted guy like I'm a
quiet dude.
>> You are. He is. So, like that stuff,
which you know, people that don't know
me might be surprised cuz I'm not really
that way on camera.
>> Mhm.
>> But I'm much I'm a very reserved person
in like my personal life. So, like yeah,
that that's just something I got to get
over if I if I do go back out there and
do it.
>> I I'm introverted. Folks folks will be
like, "No way. No way." Oh, yes. Not
surprised.
>> Yeah.
>> We're probably very similar in that way.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. Ryan, would you say I'm
introverted?
>> I kind of am, dude.
>> You are, but I don't think you're as
much as me.
>> No, I'm not. I agree with you on that.
But I mean, I I am like when I'm when I
feel comfortable, when I'm around people
that I I tr I know well and I trust,
>> I'm not.
>> Yeah,
>> I'm my full self. But when I'm not like
I don't like crowds at all, man. Like I
get really
>> like like when I watch these people at
the bends and they're elbowing and
pushing and shoving and
>> or like even even people lined up to get
into an estate sale.
>> Like I don't like we don't go we don't I
don't like those kind of scenes, man. I
stay away from them.
>> I don't. Yeah.
>> Not my thing either.
>> Yeah. A lot of times people think, well,
how can you stand up in front of folks
as a pastor and preach, you know, for 30
minutes? How can you say you're
introverted? Well, that's easy because
I'm up here, nobody, we're not having a
lot of interaction. You're not asking
questions. Uh, but afterwards, when we
have the assembly line where everybody's
walking by,
>> it's uh you're oneonone, it's a little
little bit different. I I hate talking
on the phone. I don't know how y'all
feel about that. Uh there's just
something about uh I don't know how to
get off the phone. I don't and talking
with people one-on-one sometimes can be
a struggle uh struggle for me.
>> Well, I have learned and I've gotten a
lot better at it. But
>> well, Rev, we I've sent you some voice
messages. How do you feel about that?
Because that's like more of a oneway at
a time, one lane, oneway traffic. What
do you feel about that?
>> I I'm good. I'm good with that. My mom
is like the best on the phone. She can
talk to anybody. uh you know, somebody
calls her to try to sell her something
and an hour later, you know, they know
my mama's name, my dog's name, my
grandkids names. I I don't I don't like
that. If if you're going to call me,
let's talk about something and let's
roll, you know? I don't want to sit
there on the phone. But something like
this when we're communicating and
talking like in a group, just dudes
hanging out, I that's cool.
>> Uh so I don't know. I don't uh I have
seen folks that just want to call and
listen to each other breathe on a
telephone. Me and Nikki T never did do
that. I wanted to go get a Dairy Queen
and get some sugar. I mean that's I
didn't want to talk on no phone.
>> Oh man. Yeah, that's uh H that's
interesting.
>> I get it. I totally get it. I'm the same
exact way.
>> So So Ryan, so you're you're back to
back to doing garage sales. Does that
mean you're going to come in June? Are
you are are y'all
>> I don't I don't know if I can make I
dude I don't know if I can make it.
>> I know. I haven't even asked you about
it. I haven't
>> Which one which one is in June? You you
mentioned June to me one time. What
which
>> is that the one we're supposed to meet
up at? Rev.
>> I think there's one in September. I
don't know. Uh I don't know which one is
in June. I'm not uh keen.
>> There's I I'll have to ask. Candace does
all that for me, so I don't really know
either. But there's one there's a 127
sale and then there's a highway 70 sale.
>> Maybe the 127 has a spring and a fall.
Maybe it has like twice a year. So that
would make sense in June and then one in
the I went to one in the fall one time.
Uh so I I I thought it was later in the
year. So it may be June. That'd be cool.
>> I think he's off in June. So that's
good.
>> Okay. Because I I'm uh because we talked
you talked about maybe meeting up to go
eat a dinner and and and you know where
you sit on one side and I sit on the
other
>> most certainly
>> like like like it's not going to be can
>> you're not going to sit next to each
other.
>> Well, no. I mean Candace and Nikki T on
one side and me and Rev on the other
ain't going to work for me. No,
>> I don't know why.
>> Yeah. You ain't sticking your fork in my
plate. I can promise you that.
Yeah.
>> So, so whenever I So, so whenever we
whenever we do meet up, Rev, uh, are you
gonna So, like you're you're uh you said
you're um what is the word?
>> Introverted.
>> Introverted. Yeah. Yeah.
>> I'll be Oh, yeah. No, no, no. I'll be
great with y'all. I'm great oneonone
now. I promise you. Talking about the
calling, I've had to learn how to cope
and how to deal with those type things.
So, when the old people in the church
call me, I'm sweet. I'm good on the
telephone. I just it's I would rather be
face to face. I'd rather be in a in a
group than on the phone. So, we have to
learn to cope and deal with certain
things. So, I'm good. You'll never know
it if I hadn't told you.
>> I I I I still I still can't believe
that. That's interesting.
I I was just thinking about all the
things you have to do as a u as a
reverend like you like especially man
like what was your first funeral like
>> or your or your first wedding like like
what was man that must have been
>> that must
>> those are the those are the two that I
still get the most nervous about because
if I you know if I if I don't do all
that great or mess up something in a
sermon I get to preach again in at least
a week. You know, I'm I'm preaching
three, four times a week. But a funeral,
people only die one time, you know, so
you only get one shot at it. Uh and
usually in weddings, most of the time
people only get married one time. So So
those are tough because you get one one
shot at it. And uh so I still get
butterflies nervous uh with times like
that. But I I think we I think I do all
right. But it's uh uh I I've messed up a
bunch of times uh you know publicly had
one one couple that great friends of
ours and I married them and at the very
end you know dearly beloved I I present
to you Mr. and Miss whatever the
person's name is and at this time they
turned around after they kissed and I
said dearly beloved I I present to you
and all I did is call the dude's name. I
didn't say nothing about his wife. I was
like, "Hey, I present to you uh Lonnie
Honeyut." And uh Candace was turned and
looked at me like, "What?" You know, you
ain't gonna say nothing about me. Uh and
at that time, I just shoot them off. I
was like, "Go go." Uh so there's there's
all kind of crazy things that happen in
ministry that you just have to laugh
about now. So uh
>> so but
>> so so when whenever you have people like
whenever you have like funerals or you
have people you have a lot probably a
lot of people come to you with you know
with different struggles in their life
>> talk for counsel.
>> Yeah.
>> You do you ever find it's it like do do
you carry that with you like does that
build up the sadness and grief? Does
that do you carry that yourself? Like
how do you deal with that?
>> Yeah. anytime that uh you know you
pastor, we talked about being in
community, you know, to be a good
pastor, I've got to hurt when my people
hurt. I've got to celebrate when my
people celebrate. So, yeah, I I carry
their burden as much as I can. But once
again, in ministry, I've had to learn I
can only carry the portion that I have
or otherwise I wouldn't be successful
of, you know, doing anything. So I I've
had to, you know, you have to learn to I
don't know the right word, maybe
compartmentalize that of saying, "Yeah,
I know there's a situation. There's a
guy in my church, a deacon in my church
right now, good friends with, uh, he's
dealing with cancer and and the
treatment's not going well, and Ashley
is his name, and I I love him dearly,
and uh, you know, I'm burdened,
>> but I I've got 120 other people that I'm
ministering to as well. It's like our
kids. you know, if one of your children
are hurt, you're going to give them as
much focus and energy that they need,
>> but you're still going to feed your
other kids. You're still going to take
care of them as well. So,
>> you just have to learn to I've always
said in ministry, Sunday's always
coming. There's always something to do.
>> Uh so, you just have to go on to the
next uh the next task and try to
complete it the best you can.
>> Do you do you baptize a lot of people,
too?
>> We do. Yeah. We had had three boys uh
probably three weeks ago. Had a guy came
up Sunday. So, uh yeah, we b we baptize.
It's in the church. We don't do it in
the creek. I know it sounds like, you
know, let's go down to the creek and get
baptized. We have
>> got a big tub in there.
>> We do. And we have a heater. It warms it
up. So, uh so it's uh it's good. We we
enjoy it. I guess it's just like
anything else then because it's like
like I'm thinking of all this sadness
and grief, but obviously you have
moments of Yeah. joy, joy and
celebration and just like everything
else that that helps bring balance to
you, right?
>> Yeah, that's right. We uh Yeah, we get
to celebrate uh and we we get if you're
going to celebrate the good stuff and,
you know, have pain over the other, it
does. It's like everybody else in life.
I'm just uh you know and it's not a bad
thing to be a part of that community
because when I need when I'm hurting uh
they can come and minister to me. So
it's uh
>> it's good.
>> It's good, man.
Well, this has been fun. Round two of uh
of Rev. This has been awesome.
>> Rev rerun has been a fun.
>> It's always a great conversation with
you.
>> It it really, man, it really is. Like
last time we really got to know you and
this time I think we got to go a little
deeper and I really um I really did
enjoy this. And
>> when you reached out the other day, Rev,
I know you I didn't we we did for the
inner circle, we did the little live
that we like to do and Rev was hiding in
there lurking
and
>> yeah, I was creeping in the background
>> and I I I told Rev Rev made a very
generous offer to us. Um he said, "Look,
if y'all ever need me, if like because
it's going to come a day when we have
somebody booked and we we're trying to
get the podcast out and we're trying to
be regular and on time and deliver every
at the same time, you know, because
that's a cons YouTube and our viewers
love consistency."
>> But uh Rev Rev said, "I'm here for you."
And man, that was so nice. But we got to
thinking about it and and Ryan was like,
>> "Let's have Rev. Let's invite Rev on
again." And I was like, "That's, you
know, I was thinking the same thing
because I don't want to treat Rev like
the spare tire. We'd rather because we
could, we'd rather get ahead
>> now and have Rev on schedule than have
to like interrupt his life at some
point. So, if we have something happen
next week, we're we got we've already
got Rev in the bank because he came in
tonight."
Well, I I always appreciate the
conversation. Of course, I appreciate
both you guys. And uh it's fun. It's
enjoyable. And hopefully it's watchable.
I mean, I I only thing I'm disappointed
about is that Kevin still has more views
on his episode. But y'all gonna help
because now I can put these two together
and we gonna blow Kevin out the water.
They ain't no
>> There you go.
>> Hey. Hey, Kev. Kevin and I rev. I don't
Oh, I You know what I was going to say
earlier? I forgot to say it. It's
interesting because we talked to ADHD
Dave and you have no idea what happened
and you talk
>> you talked to that whole crew.
>> Yeah.
>> Last night
>> and we have no idea what happened there
either. So, it's going to be interesting
to see over the next And you're going to
be on Man, you are in demand. You're
going to be on I guess you're going to
be they're that's going to drop tomorrow
as we film, right?
>> Uh I assume so. I I don't know. They
they didn't uh Dave didn't tell me when
it was going to drop. I mean, I came in
with a bionic elbow on on Kevin. I mean,
y'all just wait, man. It
>> Oh, boy.
>> We I really didn't. It wasn't uh It
wasn't that bad. We had a good time.
That was a good group of guys.
>> They are. I'm I'm looking forward to it.
I'm uh and uh yeah, I feel like Rev
maybe is the the the bridge to to to
lasting peace between these two
podcasts.
>> There you should be good. But man, it's
it's been a boatload of fun. I have had
a had a good time. Always always
available. I just just don't cut off the
chat uh there on Facebook. Don't shut it
down. I've enjoyed our conversations off
the screen.
>> Oh, no.
>> Yeah. No, we love that.
>> No, no. I I val I value and appreciate
um that that that we have that you give
us that access. I I really appreciate
and I've been really enjoying getting to
know you in there.
>> Yeah. And look,
>> I I want to uh I want to remind
everyone, go check out Rev Resale on uh
well, YouTube
>> and Facebook.
>> Rev Resale is your favorite content
creators favorite content creator. So,
you may want to go check them out
because we know what we're talking
about.
>> Uh so,
>> links below in the description. Go check
them out. Subscribe, follow, all that.
>> Thank you guys.
>> Thank you, Rev.
>> Thanks, Rev. Appreciate it as always.
See you guys.
>> Bye y'all.